# DS3010_CarSale_Project
For our car sales dataset, we’re going to use machine learning to find the most optimal car for each customer based on factors such as the car dealer, manufacturer, model, body style, and the desired price range. Customers prefer different models, body styles, colors of cars, and have different desired price ranges. Because of this, it is important to analyze each factor and provide the results that best fit the customer’s needs.
This benefits customers by helping them understand which car is the best choice for them based on their wants. Choosing a vehicle can be timeconsuming and overwhelming with the number of options that exist today andsimplifying that process would be beneficial for new car buyers. Additionally, a lot of people, especially younger people who don’t have cars, might want this because a lot of places aren’t very walkable and almost require a car. Being able to choose one’s preferences and get a set of cars that one might be interested in could make finding the right car much simpler.
We will use a car-sales-report dataset retrieved from Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/missionjee/car-sales-report
This dataset contains the following information about car sales: price, date, dealer name, dealer region, company, model, transmission, body style, annual income, gender of customer, color. To analyze the dataset and accurately predict the optimal vehicle for each person, our group plans on using scikit-learn packages for regression analysis, and matplotlib to visually represent our data and help with statistical analysis.
We hope to create a few logistic models to generate a few optimal solutions that will help inform customers when making decisions, depending on the car type, dealer, and model that they are looking to buy. Ultimately, we will compare them to suit the needs of each customer, since people generally have their own preferences when looking for a car.
